Welcome from Las Vegas where we can
brand new acer chromebook also in the
can hold hands and that the c 720p
2600 not a simple name but you see
it's easy in the title that has an intel
celeron processors in it but the sp
Generation means the term should be
Okay, I 'll click
short on the battery where we see yes
at 80 percent but still four hours
left over and for 300 dollars or 300 euros
notebook actually not even that way
bad 32 gb memory we have in it
not too much, therefore , acer offers here
or google actually still 100 gb drive
even with it for free on for two
years to minister after would have him
so far what number not too all
many usually eight hours
Run time is actually too
Apart promised I would also
Five still estimate four products
device connected with wireless and without wifi
makes the tablet or the notebook
actually not much sense what I am
very nice for 290 euro tilted
Here is a touchscreen that is available
many others his chromebooks even
not to be seen 1030 60 x 768 pixels
resolution here also the 11.6 inches
Display with 10 fingers at the same time
could use here also for games
or other things that need to here
install 1.4 1.4 kilograms
Weighing the device feels nice and easy
at two gibyte ram we have here and
connection moderately a headphone and
microphone connection in a usb 2.0 with
a creek with it even looks
at night 3.0 out of white blue is me though
would now on time and appreciate
hdmi stream if you open it
which is ultimately good for back
I think this is very pleasant here
I 'm doing a little bit here again
look then you see of exceptions
matt white now in the case there is
but probably think in too
other colors then again usb
connection with kensington and sd
card reader and then on the bottom
We can easily do this here
completely upgraded I'm curious what for
A memory in it may be
we do the SSD also seen here
with 16 gb features white or in the
at least model so in it is in
Germany only 230 work maybe
but upgrade against something other than m
sata
bluetooth is still in there 4.0 in the
c 27 p 2600 as that means we see
I could've even has ever time
the touch i can also say i want
make a game
here are a few apps from google if
her chrome os does not know anything like that
you connect there or other apps
install and otherwise
here too most of it disappears
leave so he a bit more from
display looks very nice too
can the viewing angle me too
nice end or
it gets a bit lighter from the top
the colors but actually if
you look at it from the beginning
actually very nice device for 299th
euro the c7 acp from the cs 2013 that was
the short traders watched for
I still have you very short
maybe the webcam can show up front
I saw it because there is one
webcam still with it and here you see
the quality 2 megapixel hd and you have
especially down
I also saw a perfect one
I could choose myself a can
big head we make quite funny
make it back to normal as well
So you can here a bit to it
especially for students
or even younger this should be
be wonderful for the first entry
with the notebook 290 euro is actually
a very good price and up to
next time forget about the 2013 cs
Do not give us your name
is alaska and see you next time